Responsibilities
Develop and maintain highly reliable, scalable, and maintainable enterprise applications that can match Apple volumes
Understand requirements, engage with team members, multi-functional teams and project managers to define solutions, and estimate the scope of work required
Collaborate with, mentor, and influence members within your team and across other teams at Apple
Deliver solutions that can keep up with a rapidly evolving product in a timely fashion
Review technical designs and perform code review
Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience in designing and developing scalable enterprise grade solutions.
Hands-on experience with Java, Spring Boot and Microservices.
Hands-on with architecture, design and development
Experience implementing cloud-based distributed systems, including familiarity with API implementation (e.g. REST, RPC, GraphQL, etc.).
Experience using relational (e.g. Postgres, MySQL, etc.) and NoSQL (e.g. Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.) databases.
Familiarity with OOP principles, data structures, algorithms, and software design patterns (e.g. GoF), with a focus on implementing testable, maintainable, and extensible backend code.
Preferred Qualifications
Exposure to using CI/CD tools to build, test, deploy, and release containerized software applications on cloud-based Kubernetes (e.g. AWS EKS, GCP GKE, Azure AKS, etc).
Familiarity with Java web (e.g. ServiceTalk, Spring, Dropwizard, Quarkus, Micronaut, etc.) and unit testing frameworks (e.g. JUnit, Mockito, etc.).
Familiarity with tooling languages (e.g. Go, Python, Ruby, etc.) and distributed orchestration & computing systems (e.g. Airflow, Spark, Flink, etc.).
Basic understanding of JVM internals (e.g. garbage collection, memory allocation, JIT, JNI, etc.).
Basic knowledge of networking concepts & protocols (e.g. HTTP/HTTPS, CDN, edge computing, load balancing, OSI model, etc.).
Experience crafting and architecting distributed systems and concurrent programming.
Experience designing ecosystems for Web applications & API Platforms
Experience in rolling out distributed, large-scale, low latency web applications with REST, Data Caching Services, DB schema design and data access technologies
Understand security concepts and build reliable and safe distributed applications
